love your cache post (#4364)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/love-your-cache/index.md

of your firebase.json file:

```json
"headers": [
  // Be sure to put this last, to not override other headers
  {
    "source": "**",
    "headers": [ {
      "key": "Cache-Control",
      "value": "max-age=0,must-revalidate,public"
    }
  }
]
```

So while I still suggest this as a sensible default, it's only that—the default!
Read on to find out how to step in and upgrade the defaults.

## Fingerprinted URLs

By including a hash of the file's content in the name of assets, images, and so
on served on your site, you can ensure that these files will always have unique
content—this will result in files named `sitecode.af12de.js` for example. When
your server responds to requests for these files, you can safely instruct your
end-user's browsers to cache them for a long time by configuring them with this
header:

```text
Cache-Control: max-age=31536000,immutable
```

This value is a year, in seconds. And according to the spec, this is effectively
equal to "forever".

Importantly, don't generate these hashes by hand—it's too much manual work! You
can use tools like Webpack, Rollup and so on to help you out with this. Be sure

> to read more about them on [tooling.report](https://tooling.report).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to read more about them on [Tooling Report](https://tooling.report).
```

> to read more about them on [tooling.report](https://tooling.report).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to read more about them on [Tooling Report](https://tooling.report).
```

users to go to a new URL every time they load your site! These 'friendly' URLs
can't be renamed and cached in this way, which leads me on to a possible middle
ground.

## The middle ground

There's obviously room for a middle ground when it comes to caching. I've
presented two extreme options; cache _never_, or cache _forever_. And there will
be a number of files which you might like to cache for a time, such as the
"friendly" URLs I mentioned above.

If you do want to cache these "friendly" URLs and their HTML, it's worth
considering what dependencies they include, how _they_ may be cached, and how
caching their URLs for a time might affect you. Let's look at a HTML page which
includes an image like this:

```html
<img src="/images/foo.jpeg" loading="lazy" />
```

If you update or change your site by deleting or changing this lazy-loaded
image, users who view a cached version of your HTML might get an incorrect or
missing image—because they've still cached the original `/images/foo.jpeg` when
they revisit your site.

If you're careful, this might not affect you. But broadly it's important to
remember that your site—when cached by your end users—no longer just exists on

> your servers, but perhaps even in _pieces_ inside the caches of your end user's
> browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your servers. Rather, it may exist in _pieces_ inside the caches of your end user's
browsers.
```
